README.md, before:

# Tailwind CSS: From Zero to Production

This repository contains the source code for each lesson in the ["Tailwind CSS: From Zero to Production"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elgqxmdVms8&list=PL5f_mz_zU5eXWYDXHUDOLBE0scnuJofO0&index=1) screencast series on the official Tailwind YouTube channel, but created by me in Tailwind v3.

1. **Setting Up Tailwind CSS**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYgogv4R8zg) &middot; No source code, since this is just a basic 'Hello World' page

2. **The Utility-First Workflow**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvF56fPGVt4) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/644aa2e2603ded13a0392052119072a3f3698e65)

3. **Responsive Design**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX1zUdj4Dw4) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/be3ed3955998b1ba4344942e11b75bc0597a14b4)

4. **Hover, Focus and Other States**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_BPDve5-3M) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/aaac673c0cc54f269de97590233855834874c877)

5. **Composing Utilities with @apply**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrftauE2Vyk) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/46d90394ce4ce1506e5bb1669b14125fb5e37e27)

6. **Extracting Reusable Components**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-mkUxhaFVA) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/7d3c202eef9b8c4607e61b2055e8bdc7e91702b9)

7. **Customizing Your Design System**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l0Gx8gWPHk) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/5c54c9afe64fb7cad9c72d53815fedaf67d22ffe)

8. **Optimizing for Production**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZn2LtBT59w) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/e5bcfb4c6df7fcaee74948fb1c45a5d1de062200)

Commit message:

Add original source code link in README

README.md, after:

# Tailwind CSS: From Zero to Production

This repository contains the source code for each lesson in the ["Tailwind CSS: From Zero to Production"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elgqxmdVms8&list=PL5f_mz_zU5eXWYDXHUDOLBE0scnuJofO0&index=1) screencast series on the official Tailwind YouTube channel, but created by me in Tailwind v3.

You can find the original project's source code [here.](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production)

1. **Setting Up Tailwind CSS**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYgogv4R8zg) &middot; No source code, since this is just a basic 'Hello World' page

2. **The Utility-First Workflow**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvF56fPGVt4) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/644aa2e2603ded13a0392052119072a3f3698e65)

3. **Responsive Design**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX1zUdj4Dw4) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/be3ed3955998b1ba4344942e11b75bc0597a14b4)

4. **Hover, Focus and Other States**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_BPDve5-3M) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/aaac673c0cc54f269de97590233855834874c877)

5. **Composing Utilities with @apply**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrftauE2Vyk) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/46d90394ce4ce1506e5bb1669b14125fb5e37e27)

6. **Extracting Reusable Components**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-mkUxhaFVA) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/7d3c202eef9b8c4607e61b2055e8bdc7e91702b9)

7. **Customizing Your Design System**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l0Gx8gWPHk) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/5c54c9afe64fb7cad9c72d53815fedaf67d22ffe)

8. **Optimizing for Production**<br>
   [Screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZn2LtBT59w) &middot; [Source code](https://github.com/TheOmer77/tailwindcss-from-zero-to-production/tree/e5bcfb4c6df7fcaee74948fb1c45a5d1de062200)
